---
title: "About Harry Potter and Philosopher's stone"
layout: post
date: 2017-09-15 23:28
image: /assets/images/HP1.jpg
headerImage: false
tag: 
- Harry Potter 
- Reading notes
star: true
category: blog
author: TangLi
description: About Harry Potter and Philosopher's stone
---

## summary (in short):

Harry Potter, the boy who survived while his parents were killed by Voldemort, was left to live with his aunt, Mrs Dursleys. When he was eleven years old, he got the chance to learn spells in Hogwarts. During his time in Hogwarts, he made friends, had various classes and had lots of great and exciting time. What' more, he got to know the secret about philosopher's stone and Voldemort, and eventually prevented the Voldemort getting this stone and saved all the people with his bravery and hard work.


## conclusions:

These days I have finished the first book of Harry Potter series. 

Potter is a thin and skinny boy whose parents were killed by Voldemort, a bad wizard with  dark powers. 
Harry survived the Voldemort because of his mother's love and determination to protect him. Since Harry'aunt was the only relatives of him in the world, he was sent by Dumbledore -- the headmaster of Hogwarts -- to live with the family of his aunt ( the Dursleys ). 
 
 During the eleven years living with the Dursleys, Harry was treated badly as the Dursleys thought Harry was a weirdo and didn't like him at all. Harry felt extremely alone because he had neither families nor friends. Things changed when Harry turned eleven, a gamekeeper named Hagrid from Hogwarts came to him and told him that he was able to go to Hogwarts -- the wizard school -- to learn spells. 
 
Unhappy as the Dursleys were, Harry bought his equipments ( such as magic books, broom, herbs, an owl for corresponding and so on ) in dialog alley and came to realize another world full of wizards and witchcrafts. 
 
 He left the Dursleys and went to school. During the trip to Hogwarts Harry met some of his schoolmates and made his best friend Ron. One thing I forgot to mention is that Potter was particularly famous in the wizards' world for he was the only one who survived Voldemort's slaughter and with the result of a lightning scar on his forehead. 
 
 After the journey on the train, they arrived at Hogwarts, and before the feast started every student was sorted by the sorting hat. Harry was assigned to Gryffindor, one of the house in Hogwarts with his best friend Ron. 
 
 Then He started his life in Hogwarts learning magic and potions and other classes. In flying class, Harry showed a particular talent for flying so that Harry was invited to join the Quidditch ( a famous game in wizard world just like football in human world  ) as a seeker. Later he won the match for Gryffidor against Slytherin and the later match with another house. What's more ,there were some other interesting and crazy things happened during Harry's time in Hogwarts. 
 
 For example, first, the lost troll in the Halloween evening, led Hermione in danger. However, harry and Ron saved her life by defeating the big troll together, which made them three best friends. Second, the finding of Erised mirror by Harry.  And third, the story about the philosopher's stone and its maker Nicolas Flamel. Forth, the inccident happened in the forbidden forest. And the last that Harry and his friends Ron and Hermione tried to prevent Voldemort getting the philosopher's stone. 
 
 They got to passed through the three-head dog, and Ron played a real wizard chess to get them in another door, and Hermione found the right potions with her wits and knowledge about logics in another test. Finally, Harry prevented Voldemort from getting the philosopher's stone just in time.


As far as I am concerned, in the book Potter shows his great bravery and courage to defeat the bad guy and his friendship with Ron and Hermione touches me much. I like Potter because he is brave and because of his strong will to live even though he has lost his parents and have to live with families who treated him badly. And
Hermione, the smart and clever girl, who shows her supports to Harry every time. Of course I like Ron too, the boy who lives in the shadow of his excellent brothers proves himself during the simulated real wizard chess game by sacrificing himself and winning. 

And in the book the most impressive plot to me is the Erised mirror, which could reflect the deepest wanted and the most desperate thing in your heart, but it is not true but just like a bubble. And Dumbledore said that it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. 


## and the sentences I like as follow:

* Dumbledore: **It does not to do dwell on dreams, and forget to live.**

* Hermione: **Me? Books and cleverness. There are more important things: friendship and bravery.**

* Voldemort: **There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.(I dont agree)**

* Dumbledore: **It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends.**

* __There are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.__

* __Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a crime.__

* Potter: __But as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.__
 


